chore: Add the 2.8.4.3 Gateway changelog (#6029)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_hub/kong-inc/aws-lambda/_changelog.md

through configuration properties `aws_assume_role_arn` and `aws_role_session_name`.
* {{site.base_gateway}} 2.8.4.0: Backported the parameter
`aws_imds_protocol_version` into 2.8.x.

> * {{site.base_gateway}} 2.8.4.3: The AWS-Lambda plugin has been refactored by using lua-resty-aws as an underlying AWS library. The refactor simplifies the AWS-Lambda plugin code base and adding support for multiple IAM authenticating scenarios.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* {{site.base_gateway}} 2.8.4.3: The AWS Lambda plugin has been refactored by using `lua-resty-aws` as an underlying AWS library. The refactor simplifies the AWS Lambda plugin codebase and adds support for multiple IAM authenticating scenarios.
```
